Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to pull up a note here I'm just kind of bring me up to speed is anything kind of really present for you right now, anything going on.
Jaime Crouchet: No, I just feel like shit. I think I got sick traveling or something. I feel really bad today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hard so you're back at home.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your son doing
Jaime Crouchet: He's good. Yeah, this time was really good. Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Things are getting better for him. He's maturing as well. I think that has a lot to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be a fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pretty good with him. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would say the maturing part
Gwenevere Abriel: That would be awfully fast. It sounds like medicines working the the therapy. It's working. You know what I mean. Mature over what, six months, three months. That'd be pretty fast.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess this other stuff.
Jaime Crouchet: But something's getting
Gwenevere Abriel: Some new thoughts are getting in. You know when when we're not completely emotionally activated and fear isn't leading the show, we can take in new information. And so maybe he's able to absorb what you're doing what you're saying. And because he's seeing a counselor to isn't he
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So maybe he's absorbing the information
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, that's probably true.
Jaime Crouchet: It seems to like go to counseling lots of
Gwenevere Abriel: Different difference than when I was
Gwenevere Abriel: When I was in New Mexico, and there was this big stress and he was, you know, wanting to hurt himself and what a difference.
Jaime Crouchet: Right, a huge just different.
Jaime Crouchet: Uh huh. Crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And does he see it too busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Recognize. Hey, I like lion. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like this better. He does.
You see,
Jaime Crouchet: You've got a snoring sorry my internet was cutting out for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your dog.
Jaime Crouchet: Here. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To their like you hear everything. I'm like, I have bionic ears. I do. I hear
Gwenevere Abriel: You very thanks to my family like
Like I've tried to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what Where did we leave off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Client will have laptop ready next session to begin MTR flying home this Saturday and can be in group. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wednesday flying back to Denver.
You go, man.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, so I don't I don't fly back Wednesday. Actually I fly back Friday. I'm hoping it's Friday. Anyway, that's what they directed me to do, but I haven't booked my flight yet. I gotta do that today.
Jaime Crouchet: But yes, I
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you doing around
Gwenevere Abriel: The desk at the hotel.
Jaime Crouchet: It's just weird.
Jaime Crouchet: It's weird being like
Jaime Crouchet: I guess the one race not responsible for happening but you know the one that's on the front lines kind of answering to everything with corporate
Jaime Crouchet: And legal and all that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone
Jaime Crouchet: What
Gwenevere Abriel: I was asking. Yeah, we've got a little bit of a delay. So I keep interrupting you. I'm sorry about that. Um, I was, I was asking if if anyone on your staff is to compensating
Gwenevere Abriel: In some way
Jaime Crouchet: Stop doesn't really seem to be too affected by it. Nobody really saw anything
Jaime Crouchet: And we only happen to know that that something had happened was because the police were there and knocked on the door.
Jaime Crouchet: So it's not like we saw it and had to call the police.
Jaime Crouchet: And so I staff.
Jaime Crouchet: So working with corporate I think corporates going to offer them counseling, but we'll see what happens.
If they do.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: To have it, Jamie. Let's take today. Take as long as you need to set up your phone, your laptop, and if you're on a phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: You probably going to need to set it up so that you can have right in front of you to two objects that are about a foot and a half apart.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, yeah, I don't have mine.
Jaime Crouchet: My Love, talk to you. I don't know where the charger is to it. And it's dead, so I had to go buy any charger work and make it work for the phone.
Jaime Crouchet: Well,
We just need
Gwenevere Abriel: Some setup in front of you.
Jaime Crouchet: So like in between my phone help stuff on the side of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Exactly. Because what I'll be doing it well. Just find those two things maybe in the kitchen or two bosses or something.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, I have like my air purifier and a cup right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I need to be the same, right, because I don't want your eyes going like this around funk funk, we kind of want them about the same height so that you're
Looking horizontal left and right.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, they are actually the exact same height. They have these two things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay.
There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put him about what is this shoulder width apart.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. And I'm going to look through here.
All the grunts I'm
Jaime Crouchet: Looking through your
Gwenevere Abriel: Your 50 you know your said 50 here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were sharing. I remember being younger and wanting to talk to my mom about certain things, but I felt uncomfortable and
Jaime Crouchet: Awkward your
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of not
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotion was resentment and starting to feel more angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: The body felt sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Was tense in the army was kind of shaking core belief about yourself was I'm in her way and I don't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive cognition one preferred thinking is a matter and I'm valuable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number that
Jaime Crouchet: Kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Time for you.
Jaime Crouchet: What's up,
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the age, you were the symmetry to know the age
Jaime Crouchet: And then I started thinking about my mom.
Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: For as long as I can remember.
Gwenevere Abriel: People have recall at about age five doesn't seem that old
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, like I specifically remember my first day of kindergarten and how my mom just
Jaime Crouchet: It just didn't feel like it mattered to her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk about it. Now, what emotions come up for you.
Jaime Crouchet: Sad.
Jaime Crouchet: I just don't understand what I did wrong.
Jaime Crouchet: Like why I didn't deserve her let me back.
Jaime Crouchet: I think this is pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty powerful we might do a little work right around this time you have
Jaime Crouchet: I'm having terrible, terrible internet to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this might not be the best day. So if I were to do
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: This might not be a great day for it, since you might have an interruption.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The internet
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's a little clunky.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Jaime Crouchet: I don't know what is going on with my internet today.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. See if it's
Jaime Crouchet: Wi Fi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe everybody's using it. I don't know. Let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn your video off for a minute, and we'll just go to audio for a second, just to make sure I don't want to miss anything. I'm trying to take some some notes on what you're saying.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think that's pretty powerful as early as kindergarten, you know, this awareness of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of thinking, What did I do wrong. So you were blaming yourself somehow and questioning whether you deserved or didn't deserve some way her love back. And that's a really early age.
Jaime Crouchet: I think all i don't i mean at that same exact time was, I mean, that was the age that I was being molested to, I don't know if that has anything to do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm just wondering, as you say that
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's go back and forth between these two. So the, the imagery, you have around kindergarten, first day of school.
Jaime Crouchet: How distressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm trying to fill in right on this thermometer how distressing is it when you think about what you know. What did I do wrong and picturing going to kindergarten how distressing is that for you right now.
To think about it.
Jaime Crouchet: What number
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I mean, it makes me like I still feel that ache in my chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what subjective unit of distress we give it from zero to 100
Jaime Crouchet: I'd say like a six or seven probably
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll put it a 60 I'll put it, if
Gwenevere Abriel: You want it somewhere between like 65
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you just now pulled up this other piece which is this is at the same time that I was being molested did the distress go up. Did it go down for happens when you pull that into your awareness.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, when I felt like I was fighting definitely fighting tears at that point.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how high if 100 is the worst thing. The worst how high up.
Jaime Crouchet: I'd say probably 80
Jaime Crouchet: Maybe 70
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm fighting, fighting tears that was very in the moment. And what's the emotion that you felt, you know, that was
Jaime Crouchet: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tears.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have something in common, maybe, maybe with the belief about the self. What did I do wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything in common between those two stories being molested and mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not showing love back to you. Was there any connection between those two.
Gwenevere Abriel: Memories.
Jaime Crouchet: I think so, yeah. I mean, for a long time. I just couldn't understand why nobody did anything about it, or why
Jaime Crouchet: I just wasn't protected, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: And was your dad working during this time.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry what was that
Gwenevere Abriel: I was asking. Was this a time when your dad was working a lot
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do want to do some some work with this, but I'm I'm concerned that that the zoom will fail us. Should we check it one more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what happens if you put your video on
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I am a little. I don't know why my internet is being so crappy today.
Jaime Crouchet: Usually I have really good connection with zoom
Gwenevere Abriel: So keep me posted when it breaks up or I freeze because I want it right now. I'm just in wanting to test and make sure that it's stable enough to move forward. Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay. Okay. Keep
Gwenevere Abriel: Updating me if I freeze. Just tell me if my
Gwenevere Abriel: Audio gets like
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to share the screen with you and we're just going to just check check how it does
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see see if it's pretty pretty
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's right. I've got to do it with my finger, because you're on a phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I've got to do it this differently, you're on a phone there won't be any here. So what you're going to do is
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll actually this is might be a little better considering zips not working great. So what I want to do is I want to watch your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to try and sit right in front of these. So your center with these two objects. So they're like right here in front of you. Okay, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Do is I'm just going to point in the direction. So all I'm doing is I'm pointing at the direction and you're going to be looking at that object over there.
Jaime Crouchet: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: setting the pace is really all I'm doing okay. And I'll be setting the duration. So it doesn't go on flower and then what you'll see me do is I'll say let's read them together nice belly breath and then
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhale, and let it go. So you're going to hear me doing that and then I'll say what's coming up for you and I literally mean that
Gwenevere Abriel: Can be the soma that's body. Ooh, my teeth, my stomach turn my foots tapping and also be a thought that just ran through a new memory might come up
Jaime Crouchet: You're cutting out
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm all choppy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too bad.
Jaime Crouchet: So what do you want to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can say talking about different things and and put postpone this work for another time. What do you think
Jaime Crouchet: I because I'm really interested in this part, I would. Can we do it next week and I'll make sure I have my laptop with the new charger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that. So let's take a look at next week right now. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have I have that 10am spot back open. Do you want that on. Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I like that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'll do Jamie, it's all right you in for February 10 at 10 and I'll also write it in the next week to just to kind of protect that spot.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is all
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not one of those things that I'm requiring of you, meaning the frequency. This is just to address the work sort of more aggressively.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if in between there and there. You're like, you know, I need a little break. Go ahead and schedule someone else in that spot, just let me know as soon as you can. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is not a record amount of frequency. This is you sort of setting the, the rate that we're meeting so that we can see some progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Well, good. So I've got that down. I've got February 10 at 10am I also have February 17 at 10am. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we, we want to we want to the the bilateral stimulation. But what you can do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Of work in
Gwenevere Abriel: The anchor room. We can go in there and explore what you just said a little further by going in there, some really interesting things can happen can discover resources that we just hadn't thought of before.
Jaime Crouchet: So I want to see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome to go there and your imagery right now and I'm going to try and
Gwenevere Abriel: Guide with the notes that I have. But if you happen to
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, and go for it. Just take a nice
Gwenevere Abriel: setting the tone setting the intention breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: On that out breath to slowly bringing yourself in
Gwenevere Abriel: Into this anchor room this safe space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe Space have filled with the stuff you need all the temperatures. Right. And let me see what I see here we have a normal temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: And the lighting is just the way you want it from behind you, I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: In
Gwenevere Abriel: Earlier the, the door was open.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's a hall.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's bright from the ceiling white walls and tiles kind of narrow this hall right nothing on the walls, nothing in the halls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperatures a little cold feels really relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice now this cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: As the feet make contact with the tile.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you were to touch it, you'd notice that the spackle texture of the wall is also cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's complete silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no smell, taste,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you noticed earlier picture a sense an image of your dad being there.
Jaime Crouchet: And giving you a hard to move you can hear me connection for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, today is just to hanky
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you did you froze. A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this since we're not doing any I movement, you can take me off video and I'll just guide you
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just be heavily dependent on your, your feedback. So just take the video off we'll just go audio for another 10 minutes
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta work with what we got.
Jaime Crouchet: I just upgraded by Wi Fi to this is crazy. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You gotta give me a hard time about the end it's locked. Right. It's not like other people are signing in under your name.
Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like to mention that
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I definitely have it cured.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so am I. You can hear me okay now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So to the degree that you're comfortable just give yourself permission to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Back in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was just about when I had
Gwenevere Abriel: Mentioned that your
Gwenevere Abriel: That your dad was there and he was giving you a hug.
Gwenevere Abriel: And part of the reason why was it was a solution was a resource to this tightening
Gwenevere Abriel: Body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So pay close attention to how it's doing now is we
Gwenevere Abriel: We do our best to try to go to this.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here attention to the chat.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: See if there's, I just got really tense and really
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it in the chest isn't in the gut the shoulders to see what's where's it happening.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, like it's I feel it in my chest and I was just squeezing my hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll use some of that metaphor to try and get get some information. So just give those squeezing hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Permission to really be creative here and we're going to go kind of on that kooky direction where you're just going to let the first things that come to mind, it's going to be this free association stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just take a look at your hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: And take a look at them and just sort of get a sense of, do they both want the same thing.
Jaime Crouchet: I keep rubbing them together.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do they like it in the room.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry you cut out for a second. Oh, interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I said, Did these rubbing hands. Do they like it in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the area. Yeah.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so this is where we get into sort of metaphor here. See if we can ask
Gwenevere Abriel: These rubbing hands.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this what they want to be doing today want to be rubbing like this or is there is there some other activity, they would like to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it seems odd just sort of turn the attention to
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if you like it in this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe they want to be doing something else, or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Something's needed in order for them to do something else.
Jaime Crouchet: My first reaction was that they did not
Jaime Crouchet: Like being roped like the stress of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't like the stress. Okay. Okay, so let's use let's use some magic here. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Open up that secret compartment in this room. It's tucked away in a wall somewhere and pull out this magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if they could indeed wish something just get exactly what they need to not be so stressed, what would they wish.
Jaime Crouchet: I just my first reaction was just my dad comfort to just
Jaime Crouchet: Not be so alone with life, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give yourself permission to truly
Gwenevere Abriel: Get this comfort from dad. Last time it was a hug. Let's see. Let's see what brings comfort so that
Gwenevere Abriel: Those hands don't have to be ringing and rubbing and so much stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: This picture what that's like. Just maybe the hands. Notice
Gwenevere Abriel: They noticing. Now, is this comfort from dad is now present
Jaime Crouchet: Well as soon as you said that when I started paying attention to my hand, there's just enter locked and just laying on my lap. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did they feel sort of on that emotional level is there is there an emotion, has it shifted hasn't changed.
Jaime Crouchet: Just feels more relaxing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in this imagery. What are you and dad doing or what is going on in this room.
Jaime Crouchet: I just pictured my dad telling me it was gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure that
Gwenevere Abriel: The little girl believes that, let's check on
Gwenevere Abriel: How true that
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry you cut out again. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Check and make sure this little girl believes that everything is going to be okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I believe him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your hands doing right now.
Jaime Crouchet: One. So setting up to the other.
Gwenevere Abriel: Should do a body scan and just pay close attention to those very communicative body parts. They are often our
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, our, our gut and our chest close attention in there and
Gwenevere Abriel: See how they feel being
Gwenevere Abriel: With her and relaxation
Jaime Crouchet: feel relaxed. I feel really relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so now let's bring in this idea, this sort of the disconcerting thought the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Of what did I do wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if
Gwenevere Abriel: It's Dad, you want to ask or
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up when that question is present for this little girl.
Jaime Crouchet: I feel it in my throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who has right because I invited you to say something just now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what happened to the throat describe the sensation.
Jaime Crouchet: just felt really tight.
Jaime Crouchet: And I was just hard to swallow.
Jaime Crouchet: My hands. I am started rubbing against each other again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's let's take a look at dad. Now this is a different perspective. Just dad need any
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to hear your question really sit with that. Nice and easy. Does dad need anything in order to sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: Be present with listen to here and
Gwenevere Abriel: Give you an answer. What does dad need
Gwenevere Abriel: To see need anything or Can he hear your question. Well, he'd be able to hear your question.
Jaime Crouchet: I think, Hey, here's my question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he ready to hear it.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's the throat doing
Jaime Crouchet: A little better.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in the past, there was a
Jaime Crouchet: I believe it wasn't as intense as
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's the question that little girl wants to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, there'll be some distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Needs and he's tested.
Gwenevere Abriel: To see want to ask, What do you want to ask. Sorry little, the little girl.
Jaime Crouchet: Just why was I left alone. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And as soon as you say that his dad looking at you.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he, smiling. What's he doing
Jaime Crouchet: Just okay got me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So he's not afraid of your question.
Jaime Crouchet: I don't think so.
Jaime Crouchet: I think it i think i feel like i see sympathy.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: In his eyes.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry you're cutting. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see sympathy and you see, do you see it in his eyes or something else he's doing.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I couldn't hear any of that, it cut out for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was saying. You can see the sympathy in in his eyes or in other actions that he's doing.
Jaime Crouchet: This face. I feel like I see that MySpace.
Jaime Crouchet: Like you feel
Jaime Crouchet: You feel
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're feeling
Jaime Crouchet: You're feeling sad too. Yeah.
And are you crying right now.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad says or does in response to that question. Why, why was I left alone.
First thing that comes to mind.
Jaime Crouchet: I just hear him saying, I didn't know
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: You believe them.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Attention to the body.
What's getting
Gwenevere Abriel: A message.
Jaime Crouchet: All over.
Jaime Crouchet: My throat
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what what subjective unit of distress. Are we in right now.
Jaime Crouchet: Hey, probably like eight or nine okay 80 or 90
Gwenevere Abriel: And would you like to continue or should we go to
Gwenevere Abriel: Putting this kind of leaving it there and we can kind of do some distancing from it. Or do you feel like a little girl can handle a little bit more processing.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, we can keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Dad says
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know
I didn't know
Gwenevere Abriel: And you believe him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's got sympathy. He's got feeling your sadness, you're sad and he's feeling sad.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the whole body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is activated.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does, what does little girl need right now what she needs.
Jaime Crouchet: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, okay. Then, you know what, maybe dad knows just what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: This dad know what to do, where you don't have to ask for it because you're little, you're not supposed to know
Gwenevere Abriel: Just don't know what to do.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, because adults adult things kids get to ask all the questions they want
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring in that additional stuff, bring in this sense of protection with dad, and even more really cultivating this Greg's sense of safety and grandma, picture, picture all the quality of her in nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And the wisdom of dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: To pull in this nurturing part right
Gwenevere Abriel: With grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sitting on the couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do grandma. What is this nurturing figure this wise and protective figure all together as a team available to you, they know what to do. What can they do right now what can they do.
For you.
Jaime Crouchet: Just
Jaime Crouchet: picturing them acknowledging it
Jaime Crouchet: Feels better it feels lighter
Gwenevere Abriel: They're looking at you, they're hearing you there their backs aren't turned their, their right there, right there, acknowledging this happened, they can actually hear it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are the hands. How are you hands doing
Jaime Crouchet: I didn't care. You kidding me, they're better
Gwenevere Abriel: Better. Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm saying that they're acknowledging that is I feel like my body is becoming relaxed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I look around in this room now with this more relaxed.
Jaime Crouchet: Body, you don't really go
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, check, check, check.
Jaime Crouchet: Check, check, check. Hey,
Jaime Crouchet: There you're back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm back. Okay, so the staying in this room. We can do this, then what will come out of this and we'll, we'll kind of process together.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in this
Gwenevere Abriel: Look around in your anchor. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's a little girl. She has acknowledgement. She has all the nurturing protection and wisdom that she needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she want to do now.
Jaime Crouchet: I just go ahead just pictured myself smiling and running away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, was it away, or to something
Jaime Crouchet: Like I pictured outside till to go play. That's a picture I pictured my backyard. When I was a kid.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's the goal is for the child right to be unburdened
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, so the kids do is they
Gwenevere Abriel: Are unburdened and they play
Jaime Crouchet: Right, yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: That's what we're supposed to do and we're little
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be with that, that sense of how the body feels in its relaxed state and just immediately when God acknowledgement protection nurture currents and wisdom. You didn't have to be burdened with the questions of why
Gwenevere Abriel: You immediately went out to play.
Gwenevere Abriel: Am I still here.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I just somebody, of course would call
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you catch my last
Did you get
Jaime Crouchet: Here, hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test. Can you hear me.
Jaime Crouchet: Yep, you're there.
Gwenevere Abriel: catch that last sort of summary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Alright. So let me just check in and see what level of distress. You're on. Now, from zero to 100
Jaime Crouchet: I feel much better.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, it just feels lighter, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice to have a light lightness right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about what
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to do experience today how you're going to be meeting and making contact with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to keep it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the room. Do you want to kind of put it at a distance. Do you want to put it in a container or do you want it to just be a part of your history.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can visit it when you want to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: Your thoughts about this imagery
Jaime Crouchet: I don't want it to be.
Jaime Crouchet: Like I kind of just wanted to be there in the background for a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do a little bit because we can always you and I can safely bring it up again next week, so you don't have to be purposefully thinking about it maybe what we can do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe picture that stream or the river at Grandma's house.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of picture, whatever it is that you want some distance from maybe it's some emotion. Maybe it was an image of something and just let it kind of move gently down this
Gwenevere Abriel: This water and you stay there. You get to stay on the riverbank with acknowledgement just completely surrounded with the quality
Gwenevere Abriel: Of validation acknowledgement protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: stays there with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: The wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And nurturing wanting the growth for you. The development for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always protected.
Gwenevere Abriel: And always acknowledged there.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the riverbank on the side and
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever needed to be at a distance, you can just barely see it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And notice as that weight eating moves.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the shoulders down, just this heaviness is aware in the arms.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe. Notice the warmth
Gwenevere Abriel: And wait your arms as they rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Be aware of the heaviness.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the thighs, the legs.
Gwenevere Abriel: As they get to rest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice their warmth
Gwenevere Abriel: Bring your attention to your natural breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit be present.
Gwenevere Abriel: At this moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just taking the little sounds from your, from your dog taking little sounds from your own breath and many other things in your home maybe through the zoom you might hear some things and just just just tune in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Returning into the present moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is real.
Gwenevere Abriel: And concrete unconscious now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense of safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: And peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you can. Let's see if we can bring that video back online and maybe I can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Let's do video well
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you, what did you observe room for you today.
Jaime Crouchet: Well, I guess I didn't really realize what I truly needed
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as that team got there. It didn't take you long at all. You, you were unburdened and you just needed that acknowledgement you needed someone to hear you believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you crazy.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Question yourself.
Jaime Crouchet: Crazy. What we carry around our whole lives.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a nice room you have
Resource there.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's you at any time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what a lot of people do. Jamie is they when they're confronted with a real trigger
Gwenevere Abriel: A real smell a real interaction with someone sent or it's a some visual thing or tactile, whatever it is, if something gets triggered with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or they're wrapped up in a potential negative future they've imagined in their head, right. That's where anxiety about the future comes up when people go there. You may say I want to go to this room.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do this on your own. You go before you take any action in saying anything doing anything, no decisions until you go and you get what you need in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a place where you can figure it out. There's no pressure. There's, there's just, what do I really need right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's my resource and how can I get it, and you make sure you get it.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you are like, wow, it's a great those rooms are awesome. A lot. I'll do all their problem solving in there because
Gwenevere Abriel: If we can imagine we have all the resources we could possibly imagine.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what my solution for this dilemma be outside this room, what would it be right. I mean, we get
Jaime Crouchet: In on what's
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the actual solution versus this sort of compensation for something and overreaction is something we're outside of already our underlying needs that we come crystal clear on what we need, what we want. What we prefer
Gwenevere Abriel: So I would invite you, if you want to write if you're confronted with decisions to be made, or you have something come up that you go inside that space.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you find out
Gwenevere Abriel: Your problem solving in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the same as
Gwenevere Abriel: The box breathing. It's just another technique, except this one isn't bottom up where we're doing working with the organs up that messages to the brain. This one is top down, it means it's we're using the left and right part of our brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is like all the cerebral stuff also effective, but we can be doing it the same time, we could be doing our breathing, as we're in that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I need, what do I need, what do I need, what do I want
Gwenevere Abriel: You can slow time down and really be present with whatever's coming up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you'd like to experiment with that this week.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
We did.
Gwenevere Abriel: pretty good considering our crummy internet haha
Gwenevere Abriel: I think so.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah yeah like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yummy feeling
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, it's a little bit heavy at first.
Jaime Crouchet: But finishing out like that definitely just feel lighter
Gwenevere Abriel: So the, the, the science behind it. The operating Siri, is that what we monitor. So you just brought up some images and
Gwenevere Abriel: You were monitoring it. You were conscious so basic we say conscious, but I like this monitor whatever we're monitoring we're modifying
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just brought stuff up and you changed it. You actually rewire the brain because you sat there with it for those seconds and minutes and yes it was scary and hard and emotional and all that but you changed it to change the chemistry and the wiring in your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's neat.
Jaime Crouchet: Creepy because you like you feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: So from the top down the message went oh
Gwenevere Abriel: I have my needs met, and your body started to relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: The other way with the box breathing right with the diaphragm. That's a signal that comes from the bottom up and tells the brain. Oh, you could stop freaking out. There's really no life threatening danger in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this this technique went the other way and the message went to the viscera to the muscles and said we're okay we're getting our needs met. There's, there's no danger. Okay, it's kind of neat. You can come at it from different directions.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any charge left or do you feel ready to face your day.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, you feel good about that idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use this imagery to if you bump across some strong emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go into this room with your imagery and do a little bit of
Gwenevere Abriel: Problem solving in there, let me know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Already so yeah
Jaime Crouchet: So before we go I'm, I'm a little concerned about my meds coming up.
Jaime Crouchet: So we're good until Monday. But if I have to fly out Wednesday or Friday, how's that going to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. I see. Okay, let me, let me just talk that through
Jaime Crouchet: Oh, you cut out
Gwenevere Abriel: To leave February 5 or February 7
Gwenevere Abriel: That's your concern right
Gwenevere Abriel: How long would you have to stay out there.
Jaime Crouchet: I can't hear you. Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test. Yes, I can hear you.
Jaime Crouchet: Um, how long would you have a. Now I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long would you have to stay out there if you flew out Wednesday or Friday. Do you know how long you have to stay
Jaime Crouchet: So I'll be coming back the 22nd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh, that's a long day.
Jaime Crouchet: Two weeks again.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, but she wrote. She wrote meds for almost 30 days which it just, I don't want
Jaime Crouchet: I'm just so worried about stuff that happens with that. So it'd be great if she could stick with writing it for the 15 days.
Jaime Crouchet: I you cut out again.
Jaime Crouchet: Are you
Jaime Crouchet: You can hear me because
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you. I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you worried that you'll take more than you're supposed to or
Jaime Crouchet: No, no, I'm actually very proud of myself for what I do take like I I'm fully confident in what I take, I just
Jaime Crouchet: It just stresses me out. Like, I don't, because you know that first hotel. I went to in San Francisco. When I left my stuff there. And then they didn't turn in, like, that's the kind of stuff. I'm worried about. I was scared.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm
Jaime Crouchet: scared to death of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so, um, it sounds like you're going to take enough medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, for the entire trip and
Gwenevere Abriel: You can look at it as a negative reinforcer. In other words, this is a continuing to be a motivator of the inconvenience of being on a drug.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might serve you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say look at what a pain in the ass. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: To continue to say I when I start to think, I'm not going to taper. I'm going to remember what a drag this is it's a drag
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting you're going to get there, we, you don't need anything. You're not going to need it anymore. Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean it's for
Gwenevere Abriel: Four to six. You've already seen that pinch come push come to shove she's she will
Gwenevere Abriel: Should the thing is, is what she didn't say is it's not good for her medical license to prescribe outside the state so
Gwenevere Abriel: Great. If she really needs to not do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't say that part. But I had heard that from other doctors, so
Jaime Crouchet: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: A scenario. You've already seen that she'll do it.
Jaime Crouchet: Yeah.
Jaime Crouchet: Right, so. But if she prescribes this week so that I can pick up before I go. Should I talk. My company into Friday because then I'm only picking up two days early
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's my question, I gotta keep it really simple, really simple for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just need to know specifically because I thought I heard if you have three weeks covered. Then you have enough medicine, then I think you're fine, but I'm curing fuzziness um, do you have enough medicine to get you through. Let me see if I can do it.
Jaime Crouchet: I have enough medicine right now to get me through our next next week's what I'm one which is Monday.
Jaime Crouchet: But I fly out either Wednesday or Friday before then.
Jaime Crouchet: Do you see what I'm saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do but you said she wrote for three weeks.
Jaime Crouchet: Right, two weeks ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: last trip. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on.
Jaime Crouchet: I'm sorry, I would, I
Jaime Crouchet: Would
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: By Wednesday. Why don't you and let's see if we're onto something here. Why don't you
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're going to fly out I'm as soon as you know she can write another prescription to get you through February 24
Jaime Crouchet: Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: So if I booked my flight for Wednesday, then I'll be picking up Thursday, Friday.
Jaime Crouchet: Saturday, Sunday almost five days or longer by that, and they'll just let me pick it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to recommend you talk with her think I'm starting to get into pharmacy stuff and and i think i'm going outside my scope here. I'm gonna let her
Gwenevere Abriel: handle that and you can decide what to do if you tell me right now because this is really honestly
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, Oh, she showed up for her appointment. He showed up for his appointment and the doctors do what they do. So I'm going to backtrack and go back to that basic option.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, do you want. I'm sitting here with my slack right now. Do you want me to tell her that you're going to try to reach her. Do you have her number. What's, how can you guys connect
Jaime Crouchet: I usually talk to her through email.
Jaime Crouchet: But if a phone number would be great.
Jaime Crouchet: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just say
Gwenevere Abriel: God. How about this.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can hang up here. Go to virtual clinical call Braveheart health right away and they'll reach her. I am going to add this Jamie see met with her. She is
Gwenevere Abriel: In need
Of
Gwenevere Abriel: Discussion with you about her plans to travel to slash five, give or take, mature through to to slash 24 and then you're going to need to talk with her about it because this is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't wanna, I don't wanna. I don't want in the middle.
Jaime Crouchet: No problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: This hit send. Um, but I would hang up here and go right into virtual clinic and get a hold of her
Jaime Crouchet: OK, I will
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here, I will see you definitely on Monday. Okay.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know if you can't, okay cuz I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Picking up books, someone else in that spot. Bye.
Jaime Crouchet: Okay, bye.